return for too late
I
she is just like me
now I can't leave her behind I've got to
save her what save the Beast has been
trying to kill us yeah that wasn't her
fault she was being used by the Dark
Master
now we can go
Spiro
a spiral some night huh
what is it you want sparks huh why do I
at the ones i'm just ready to begin the
best day ever now the evil psychoshy
dragon is gone what cinder what do you
mean sparks whoa calm down big fella not
sure intense haven't been sleeping much
usual is the whole tier tell one of his
stories that'll put anyone to sleep
sparks what happened ok you're ready I
got have to get some fresh air since I
don't sleep much myself these days with
a female fright hanging about lo and
behold there she was sneaking out into
the guard she gives me the creeps dude
my teeth come on we have to find her
it's dangerous for her to be outside the
temple at night it's dangerous for any
of us to be outside at night besides
ignite has sent you have to wait till
your powers returned because you need
no time to argue come on you'd be
helpless without me you better come with